I am a Japanese high school student. I came to live in America with my family two
weeks ago. One day Mother asked me about my school life. I answered that ①I enjoyed it very much. But
that was not true. I didn't want Mother to worry about me.
I always said to myself, "I live in two worlds, one at home and the other at school. They are very ( ).
At home I speak Japanese and live a happy Japanese life with my family. ②I feel that school is far away
when I am at home. In class at school teachers sometimes speak English so fast that I don't understand
them. I want to talk with a friend about that, but I don't have any friends. Every day I wait for a student who
will talk to me."
The next day in art class the teacher stopped at my desk and said, "Akiko, your picture is very wonderful! "
Then many students came to see my picture.
After the art class one girl student came to me. At last a student talked to me! She said, "Hi, Akiko. I'm
Mary. I would like to talk with you after school."
 ③I was very happy. I said, "Yes, of course."
After school we went to Mary's house and began to talk. Mary was also interested in drawing pictures. We
talked about a lot of things. When I talked about my idea of the two worlds, Mary said, "I didn't know that.
But you can ask teachers to speak more slowly. If you want to make your school life happy, you should try to
say something to us. We will help you any time."
I had a very good time with Mary. I ran home to tell Mother about my new friend, but she was not there.
Soon Mother came home. "Mother, where have you been? "I asked.
"I *have been to English school. I began to learn English, " answered Mother.
"You don't have to learn English so hard because you stay home every day, " I said.
"I want to make friends to learn about America and tell them a lot about Japan, " said Mother.
"Mary and Mother have the same idea, " I thought. " Today I learned an important thing from Mary and
Mother. It is not good to when we are in a foreign *culture. I will try hard to make my
school life happy." 
